OSDOCS-16939: DITA abstracts — OLM understanding topics (#115281)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/olm-operatorgroups-limitations.adoc

[id="olm-operatorgroups-limitations"]
= Limitations for multitenant Operator management

[role="_abstract"]

> {product-title} supports only limited scenarios for running different versions of the same Operator simultaneously on one cluster, even when Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) installs them in different namespaces. Because CRDs are cluster-scoped, competing or incompatible CRD definitions from different Operator versions are not supported in multitenant clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{product-title} provides limited support for simultaneously installing different versions of an Operator on the same cluster. Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) installs Operators multiple times in different namespaces. One constraint of this is that the Operator's API versions must be the same.
```
